WinMain -> File Opened Successfully.
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> 1st call to vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() Succeeded.
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> 2nd call to vkEnumerateInstanceExtensionProperties() Succeeded.
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_device_group_creation
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_external_fence_capabilities
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_external_memory_capabilities
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore_capabilities
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_get_physical_device_properties2
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_get_surface_capabilities2
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_surface
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_surface_protected_capabilities
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_win32_surface
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_EXT_debug_report
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_EXT_debug_utils
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_EXT_surface_maintenance1
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_EXT_swapchain_colorspace
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_NV_external_memory_capabilities
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_portability_enumeration
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> vulkan instance extention name = VK_LUNARG_direct_driver_loading
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> VK_KHR_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME extention found
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> VK_KHR_WIN32_SURFACE_EXTENSION_NAME extention found
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> enabled vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_surface
fillInstanceExtentionNames -> enabled vulkan instance extention name = VK_KHR_win32_surface
createVulkanInstance -> fillInstanceExtentionNames() Succeeded.
Initialize -> vkCreateInstance() Successful.
Initialize -> createVulkanInstance() Succeeded.
getSupportedSurface -> vkCreateWin32SurfaceKHR() Successful.
Initialize -> getSupportedSurface() Succeeded.
getPhysicalDevice ->  1st call to vkEnumeratePhysicalDevices() Successful.
getPhysicalDevice ->  2nd call to vkEnumeratePhysicalDevices() Successful.
getPhysicalDevice -> free isQueueSurfaceSupported_array successfully.
getPhysicalDevice -> free vkQueueFamilyProperties_array successfully.
getPhysicalDevice -> Is successful to select required physical device.
getPhysicalDevice -> Selected physical device supports tessellationShader.
getPhysicalDevice -> Selected physical device supports geometryShader.
Initialize -> getPhysicalDevice() Succeeded.
******************VULKAN INFORMATION****************
Api Version = 1.4.303
Device Name = NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 SUPER
Device Type = Discrete GPU (DGPU)
Vendor Id = 0x10de
Device Id = 0x1e84
***************************************************
printVkInfo -> free vkPhysicalDevice_array successfully.
Initialize -> printVkInfo() Succeeded.
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> 1st call to vkEnumerateDeviceExtensionProperties() Succeeded.
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> 2nd call to vkEnumerateDeviceExtensionProperties() Succeeded.
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_16bit_storage
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_8bit_storage
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_acceleration_structure
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_bind_memory2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_buffer_device_address
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_calibrated_timestamps
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_compute_shader_derivatives
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_cooperative_matrix
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_copy_commands2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_create_renderpass2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_dedicated_allocation
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_deferred_host_operations
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_depth_stencil_resolve
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_descriptor_update_template
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_device_group
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_draw_indirect_count
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_driver_properties
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering_local_read
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_fence
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_fence_win32
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_memory
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_memory_win32
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_external_semaphore_win32
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_format_feature_flags2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_fragment_shader_barycentric
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_fragment_shading_rate
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_get_memory_requirements2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_global_priority
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_image_format_list
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_imageless_framebuffer
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_index_type_uint8
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_line_rasterization
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_load_store_op_none
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance1
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance3
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance4
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance5
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance6
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_maintenance7
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_map_memory2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_multiview
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_pipeline_binary
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_pipeline_executable_properties
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_pipeline_library
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_present_id
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_present_wait
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_push_descriptor
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_ray_query
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_maintenance1
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_pipeline
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_ray_tracing_position_fetch
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_relaxed_block_layout
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_sampler_mirror_clamp_to_edge
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_sampler_ycbcr_conversion
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_separate_depth_stencil_layouts
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_atomic_int64
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_clock
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_draw_parameters
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_expect_assume
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_float16_int8
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_float_controls
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_float_controls2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_integer_dot_product
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_maximal_reconvergence
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_non_semantic_info
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_quad_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_relaxed_extended_instruction
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_extended_types
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_rotate
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_subgroup_uniform_control_flow
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_shader_terminate_invocation
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_spirv_1_4
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_storage_buffer_storage_class
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_swapchain
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_swapchain_mutable_format
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_synchronization2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_timeline_semaphore
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_uniform_buffer_standard_layout
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_variable_pointers
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_vertex_attribute_divisor
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_decode_h264
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_decode_h265
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_decode_queue
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_encode_h264
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_encode_h265
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_encode_queue
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_maintenance1
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_video_queue
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_vulkan_memory_model
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_win32_keyed_mutex
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_workgroup_memory_explicit_layout
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_KHR_zero_initialize_workgroup_memory
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_4444_formats
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_attachment_feedback_loop_dynamic_state
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_attachment_feedback_loop_layout
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_blend_operation_advanced
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_border_color_swizzle
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_buffer_device_address
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_calibrated_timestamps
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_color_write_enable
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_conditional_rendering
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_conservative_rasterization
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_custom_border_color
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_bias_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_clamp_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_clamp_zero_one
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_clip_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_clip_enable
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_depth_range_unrestricted
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_descriptor_buffer
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_descriptor_indexing
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_device_fault
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_device_generated_commands
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_discard_rectangles
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_dynamic_rendering_unused_attachments
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state3
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_external_memory_host
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_fragment_shader_interlock
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_full_screen_exclusive
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_graphics_pipeline_library
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_hdr_metadata
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_host_image_copy
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_host_query_reset
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_image_2d_view_of_3d
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_image_robustness
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_image_sliced_view_of_3d
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_image_view_min_lod
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_index_type_uint8
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_inline_uniform_block
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_legacy_vertex_attributes
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_line_rasterization
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_load_store_op_none
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_memory_budget
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_memory_priority
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_mesh_shader
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_multi_draw
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_mutable_descriptor_type
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_nested_command_buffer
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_non_seamless_cube_map
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_opacity_micromap
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pageable_device_local_memory
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pci_bus_info
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pipeline_creation_cache_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pipeline_creation_feedback
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pipeline_library_group_handles
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_pipeline_robustness
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_post_depth_coverage
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_primitive_topology_list_restart
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_primitives_generated_query
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_private_data
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_provoking_vertex
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_queue_family_foreign
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_robustness2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_sample_locations
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_sampler_filter_minmax
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_scalar_block_layout
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_separate_stencil_usage
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_atomic_float
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_demote_to_helper_invocation
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_module_identifier
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_object
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_replicated_composites
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_subgroup_ballot
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_subgroup_vote
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_subgroup_size_control
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_swapchain_maintenance1
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_texel_buffer_alignment
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_tooling_info
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_transform_feedback
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_vertex_attribute_divisor
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_vertex_input_dynamic_state
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_ycbcr_2plane_444_formats
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_EXT_ycbcr_image_arrays
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_clip_space_w_scaling
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_cluster_acceleration_structure
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_compute_shader_derivatives
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_cooperative_matrix
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_cooperative_vector
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_copy_memory_indirect
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_corner_sampled_image
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_coverage_reduction_mode
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_cuda_kernel_launch
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_dedicated_allocation
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_dedicated_allocation_image_aliasing
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_descriptor_pool_overallocation
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_device_diagnostic_checkpoints
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_device_diagnostics_config
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_device_generated_commands
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_device_generated_commands_compute
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_external_memory
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_external_memory_win32
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_fill_rectangle
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_fragment_coverage_to_color
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_fragment_shader_barycentric
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_fragment_shading_rate_enums
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_framebuffer_mixed_samples
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_geometry_shader_passthrough
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_inherited_viewport_scissor
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_linear_color_attachment
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_low_latency
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_low_latency2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_memory_decompression
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_mesh_shader
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_partitioned_acceleration_structure
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_present_metering
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_raw_access_chains
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_ray_tracing
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_ray_tracing_invocation_reorder
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_representative_fragment_test
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_sample_mask_override_coverage
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_scissor_exclusive
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_shader_atomic_float16_vector
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_shader_image_footprint
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_shader_sm_builtins
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_shader_subgroup_partitioned
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_shading_rate_image
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_viewport_array2
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_viewport_swizzle
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NV_win32_keyed_mutex
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NVX_binary_import
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NVX_image_view_handle
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_NVX_multiview_per_view_attributes
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_AMD_buffer_marker
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> vulkan device extention name = VK_GOOGLE_user_type
fillDeviceExtentionNames -> VK_KHR_SWAPCHAIN_EXTENSION_NAME extention found
createVulkanDevice -> fillDeviceExtentionNames() Succeeded.
createVulkanDevice -> vkCreateDevice() Successful.
Initialize -> createVulkanDevice() Succeeded.
getDeviceQueue -> vkGetDeviceQueue() Successful
getPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatAndColorSpace -> 1st call to vkGetPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatsKHR() Succeeded.
getPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatAndColorSpace -> 2nd call to vkGetPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatsKHR() Succeeded.
getPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatAndColorSpace -> vkSurfaceFormatKHR_array free() Succeeded.
createSwapchain -> getPhysicalDeviceSurfaceFormatAndColorSpace() Succeeded.
createSwapchain -> vkGetPhysicalDeviceSurfaceCapabilitiesKHR() Succeeded.
createSwapchain -> swapchain image width X height = 800 X 600
getPhysicalDevicePresentMode()->vkGetPhysicalDeviceSurfacePresentModesKHR first Function is Succeded
getPhysicalDevicePresentMode()->vkGetPhysicalDeviceSurfacePresentModesKHR second Function is Succeded
MAILBOX
NOT A MAILBOX
vkPresentModeKHR_array is Free
cre